[ADD] Frontdesk: add new configuration doc (#7237)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/frontdesk.rst

=========
Frontdesk
=========

> The Odoo *Frontdesk* application is a way for visitors to check in to a building or location and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Odoo *Frontdesk* application provides a way for visitors to check in to a building or location and
```

alert the person they are seeing that they have arrived. Additionally, they can request a
pre-configured beverage, to be brought to them while they wait. This application is ideal for

> businesses that do not have someone working at a reception desk, or perhaps do not have a lobby or
> waiting area available to guests and visitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
businesses that either do not have someone working at a reception desk, or do not have a lobby or
waiting area available to guests and visitors.
```

Configuration
=============

The first item to be configured to use the *Frontdesk* application is the station or stations,

> followed by the drinks that are offered.

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this sentence inside the heading below, since it's relevant to Stations? Totally optional, and up to you! For example, it would look like:

Configuration
=========

Stations
---------

The first item to be configured ...

Author: I was told it was best to try and have some text between sections, always- so I think I'll leave this here since there are just 2 configurations and it explains that you do them both.

Stations
--------

> A **Station** can be thought of as any location where someone can sign-in and wait for an employee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Odoo *Frontdesk*, a *Station* can be any location where someone can sign-in and wait for an employee.
```

This is typically some form of waiting room, such as a lobby. Each station has a kiosk where

> visitors check in. There is a minimum of one station that must be configured to use the *Frontdesk*
> application, but there is no limit to how many stations that can created and configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
visitors are able to check in.

When setting up the *Frontdesk* application, a minimum of one station **must** be configured, but there is no upper limit to how many stations can be created and configured.
```

To create a station, navigate to :menuselection:`Frontdesk application --> Configuration -->
Stations` and click :guilabel:`New`. A blank frontdesk form loads. Enter the following information
on the form:

> - :guilabel:`Frontdesk Name`: enter the name for the specific Frontdesk location. This should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Frontdesk Name`: enter the name for the specific frontdesk location. This should be
```
It should be lowercase, right? Just basing this on what I'm seeing below, feel free to ignore if I'm wrong though

  short and identifiable, such as `Reception Desk` or `Main Lobby`. This field is required in order
  to create a station.
- :guilabel:`Responsibles`: select the person or persons who are alerted when a visitor checks in

>   using at specific frontdesk. Multiple selections can be entered. This field is required in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  using a specific frontdesk. Multiple selections can be entered. This field is required in order
```

  to create a station.
- :guilabel:`Kiosk URL`: after both the :guilabel:`Frontdesk Name` and :guilabel:`Responsibles` are
  populated, the form can be saved manually. Click the :guilabel:`Save Manually` icon (a cloud with
  an up arrow inside it) and the :guilabel:`Kiosk URL` field populates. This URL is one way the
  frontdesk kiosk is accessed. To access the kiosk, click the :guilabel:`Copy` button at the end of

>   the URL, and navigate to that URL in a web browser. This URL opens that specific stations'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the URL, and navigate to that URL in a web browser. This URL opens that specific station's
```

  frontdesk sign-in page.

Options tab
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _frontdesk/host:

- :guilabel:`Host Selection`: if the visitor is attending a meeting, this option allows the visitor
  to select the meeting host from a presented list, and notify that individual.

> - :guilabel:`Authenticate Guest`: if additional information is required when a guest checks-in,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Authenticate Guest`: if additional information is required when a guest checks in,
```

  enable this option, and then select which of the following are required:

  - :guilabel:`Email`: select whether the guest's email address is :guilabel:`Required`,
    :guilabel:`Optional`, or if the information is not requested at all (:guilabel:`None`).
  - :guilabel:`Phone`: select whether the guest's phone number is :guilabel:`Required`,
    :guilabel:`Optional`, or if the information is not requested at all (:guilabel:`None`).
  - :guilabel:`Organization`: select whether the guest's organization is :guilabel:`Required`,
    :guilabel:`Optional`, or if the information is not requested at all (:guilabel:`None`).

> 

Reviewer: Should this extra line be here between `Optional` and `Theme`? Or is it all the same list?

Author: Yes, because there's a weird issue when you need to indent, I noticed you have to add a space before and after a section you want indented, or it's messed up. I remember trying a lot of different ways to get it to work but this seems to do it!

> - :guilabel:`Theme`: select the color mode of the kiosk. Chose either :guilabel:`Light` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Theme`: select the color mode of the kiosk. Choose either :guilabel:`Light` or
```

  another SMS template. To modify the currently selected template, click the :guilabel:`Internal
  link` arrow at the end of the line, and make any edits to the content of the template. The SMS
  message may have a maximum of 242 characters, which fits in 4 SMS (UNICODE) messages.
- :guilabel:`Notify by Discuss`: enable this option to have a *Discuss* application message window
  open with the person the guest is visiting upon check-in. When enabled, a default message appears
  for the person the guest is visiting. The *Discuss* application must be installed in order for
  this option to work. *Discuss* is installed by default when creating an Odoo database, and does
  not count towards billing. As long as the *Discuss* application is not intentionally uninstalled,
  this option works.

.. example::
   The default message format for the :guilabel:`Notify by Discuss` option is: `(Frontdesk Station)
   Check-In: (Guest Name) (Guest Phone Number) (Organization) to meet (Name of employee).`

   An example of how that might appear in a *Discuss* message is: `Main Lobby Check-In: John Doe
   (123-555-1234) (Odoo, Inc.) to meet Marc Demo.`

> 

Reviewer: Extra line? Can delete if so

.. image:: frontdesk/station-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Frontdesk station form with all the information filled out.

Side Message tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Enter any desired text to appear on the station kiosk after a guest has checked in, such as a
welcome greeting or any necessary instructions. The text appears on the confirmation page, on the
right side of the screen after a guest has completed the check-in process.

.. _frontdesk/drinks:

Drinks
------

> After all the stations are created, the next step is to configure the drinks on offer, if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all the stations are created, the next step is to configure the drinks to offer to visitors, if desired.
```

This step is not necessary or required for the *Frontdesk* application to work, and only needs to be
configured if drinks are offered to guests.

To add a drink option, navigate to :menuselection:`Frontdesk application --> Configuration -->

> Drinks`. Click :guilabel:`New` and a blank drink form loads. Enter the following information on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drinks`, and click :guilabel:`New`. This causes a blank drink form to load. Enter the following information on the
```

form:

- :guilabel:`Drink Name`: type in the name of the drink option in the field. This field is required.
- :guilabel:`People to Notify`: use the drop-down and select who will be notified when the drink is
  selected. Multiple people can be entered in the field. This field is required.
- :guilabel:`Sequence`: enter a numerical value in this field to indicate where in the list of drink
  options this specific option appears. The lower the number, the higher on the list the drink
  appears. For example, entering the number one (1) would place that drink at the top of the list
  and be the first to appear in sequence.
- :guilabel:`Picture`: hover over the picture icon to reveal the :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon, and
  click on the :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon. A file navigator window appears. Navigate to the
  desired image file and select it, then click :guilabel:`Open`. The photo now appears in the
  picture field, and will be set as the background on the kiosk.

.. image:: frontdesk/espresso.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Drink form with the information filled out for an espresso.

> Stations

Reviewer: Do you think since there's already another heading called `Stations` near the top of this doc, that this could (or should) be called something else? Just a suggestion, but if it works better this way feel free to ignore

Author: I can call this section the Station dashboard- this is a bit more descriptive.

the following details that were entered when they checked-in:

- :guilabel:`Name`: The guest's name.
- :guilabel:`Visitor Company`: The guest's company they represent.
- :guilabel:`Phone`: The guest's phone number.
- :guilabel:`Drinks`: The drink the guest requested.
- :guilabel:`Host`: Who the guest is waiting to see.
- :guilabel:`CheckIn`: The date and time the guest checked-in.
- :guilabel:`Checkout`: The date and time the guest checked-out. In the default view, only guests
  with a :guilabel:`Checked-In` or :guilabel:`Planned` status are visible. Guests with check-out
  times are only visible if the filter :guilabel:`Today` is not active.
- :guilabel:`Duration`: The current amount of time the guest has been checked-in for.
- :guilabel:`Station`: The location of where the guest checked-in.
- :guilabel:`Status`: The status of the guest. The options are :guilabel:`Checked-In`,
  :guilabel:`Planned`, :guilabel:`Checked-Out`, or :guilabel:`Cancelled`. In the default view, only
  guests with a :guilabel:`Checked-In` or :guilabel:`Planned` status are visible.
- :guilabel:`Email`: The guest's email address.

> - Status Column: When a guest leaves, click the :guilabel:`Check out` button to update the guest's

Author: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Status` Column: When a guest leaves, click the :guilabel:`Check out` button to update the guest's
```

Author: I don't know why the comment wasn't saved, I know I already explained the reason why I didn't go through with this change- so here it is again. I originally agreed, but then changed my mind. The reason is, there is no text I am quoting on the list. The column header is blank, so that's why Status Column is not capitalized- I am not quoting something on the screen.

>   record and log the date and time they left. If a scheduled guest arrives, if they did not check-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  record and log the date and time they left. If a scheduled guest arrives, and they did not check in
```

  using the *Frontdesk* application kiosk, they can be checked-in on the visitor log. Click
  :guilabel:`Check in` to log the date and time they arrived.
- :guilabel:`Drink Served`: When a guest requests a drink, the :guilabel:`Drink Served` button
  appears at the end of the visitor line. When a drink has been served, click the :guilabel:`Drink

>   Served` button to indicate the drink has been delivered to the guest.

Author: I agree with the status- I was torn since I was adding 'column', but it looks better bolded with a GUI label. A lot of the info in the different sections overlaps, but I wanted to be thorough, so if anyone jumped to only one section they had a question on, all the info was there.

.. image:: frontdesk/visitors.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The full list of currently checked-in visitors, with the drinks to be served highlighted.

If any column is not visible, or if a visible column is preferred to be hidden, click on the
additional options icon at the end of the column name list. Click on the option to enable or disable
any desired columns. A check mark indicates the column is visible.

Planned visitors
----------------

If a guest is expected to arrive at a future date and time, it is possible to enter their
information into the *Frontdesk* application in advance. To create a planned guest, navigate to

> :menuselection:`Frontdesk application --> Visitors  --> New`. Enter the same information as any

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Frontdesk application --> Visitors --> New`. Enter the same information as any
```

other :ref:`visitor <frontdesk/visitors>`. The only required fields are the visitor's
:guilabel:`Name` and the :guilabel:`Station` they are expected at.

.. important::
   If a guest is planned in advance, they must be checked in from the visitors' list in the
   *Frontdesk* application. If a planned guest checks in using a kiosk, they will be checked in
   separately, and their planned visitor entry will remain listed as :guilabel:`Planned`.

   Only when a planned guest is checked-in inside the application's visitor list, their
   :guilabel:`Planned` status changes to :guilabel:`Checked-In`.

   If a guest does check-in using a kiosk, ensure all records are current, and the list of
   currently on-site guests is correct. Be sure to check in and/or check-out the correct entries so

>    the visitor lists correctly reflects who is currently on the premises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the visitors list correctly reflects who is currently on the premises.
```
Right?

   Ensure that planned guests are informed that they should not check-in using the kiosk if they are
   listed as a planned guest in advance.

Frontdesk flow
==============

The first thing to do after configuring the various stations is to set up each kiosk for use. It is
recommended to use a dedicated device for each frontdesk kiosk, such as a tablet.

Navigate to the kiosk in one of two ways:

- Navigate to the main *Frontdesk* application dashboard, and click the :guilabel:`Open Desk`
  button on the specific station. The kiosk loads in a new browser window.
- Navigate to :menuselection:`Frontdesk application --> Configuration --> Stations` and click on the
  specific station. Click the :guilabel:`Copy` button at the end of the :guilabel:`Kiosk URL` line,
  and paste the URL into a new browser tab or window.

.. important::
   It is recommended to log out of the database and close the tab after navigating to the kiosk, so

>    there is no possibility of a visitor accessing the database when checking-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   there is no possibility of a visitor accessing the database when checking in.
```

Visitor flow
------------

When a visitor arrives at a facility, they approach a frontdesk kiosk, and enter their information.
The information requested is what was configured for that specific frontdesk station. If any
information is required, the field displays a red asterisk (*). The visitor must enter information
in order to check in. Once all the information is entered, the visitor taps the :guilabel:`Check In`
button.

If drinks were configured for the station, after tapping :guilabel:`Check In`, a registration
confirmation screen loads, along with the question `Do you want something to drink?`. The visitor
can tap either :guilabel:`Yes, please`, or :guilabel:`No, thank you`. If they select :guilabel:`Yes,
please`, a drink selection screen appears, and the pre-configured options are listed. The visitor
then taps the desired selection, or if they do not want anything, they can tap the
:guilabel:`Nothing, thanks` button at the bottom of the screen. If a drink selection was made, a

> `Thank you for registering! Your drink is on the way.` message appears.

Reviewer: Just a general question - is there any way to change these default responses to selections on the beverage screen? Or are we stuck with them, and can't change them if desired?

Author: There's no way to change them that I can tell- and if it is a deep in the depths of Odoo modification, I didn't want to include it. From what I can tell, this is standard and I can't change these with anything in the application.

> At any point in the check-in process, if ten (10) seconds pass with no selection, the kiosk
> returns to the main welcome screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At any point in the check-in process, if ten (10) seconds pass with no selection, the kiosk returns to the main welcome screen.
```
Early line break (100 chracters)

> At any point in the check-in process, if ten (10) seconds passes with no selection, the kiosk
> returns to the main welcome screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At any point in the check-in process, if ten (10) seconds pass with no selection, the kiosk
returns to the main welcome screen.
```

Once the visitor has checked in, both the person they are visiting, and any users who were
configured to be notified when anyone checks-in at the kiosk are notified. The notification is
either by email, SMS message, a *Discuss* chat, or any combination of those three options.

If the visitor requested a drink, the user or users who were configured as the :guilabel:`People to
Notify` on the drink form, are notified via the *Discuss* application. The message that appears is:
`(Visitor Name) just checked-in. They requested (drink).`

Once the drink has been delivered to the guest, the person who delivered the drink is responsible
for marking the drink as delivered. To do this, navigate to :menuselection:`Frontdesk application
--> Stations --> (X) Drinks to serve`. This opens a list of all the visitors who checked-in at that
station, and are waiting for a drink. Click the :guilabel:`Drink Served` button at the end of the
line for the visitor who was served. Once they are marked as having their drink served, the visitor
disappears from the list.

> Visitors do not check themselves out when they leave. Once the visitor completed their business and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visitors do **not** check themselves out when they leave. Once the visitor completed their business and
```
Just a suggestion 😉

> Visitors do **not** check themselves out when they leave. Once the visitor completed their business
> and has left the premises, it is important to check them out for accurate record keeping. Navigate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visitors do **not** check themselves out when they leave. Once the visitor has completed their business
and left the premises, it is important to check them out for accurate record keeping. Navigate
```

to :menuselection:`Frontdesk application --> Stations --> (X) On Site`. This opens a list of all the
visitors who are currently checked-in at that station. Click the :guilabel:`Check Out` button near
the end of the line for the visitor who left. Once they are marked as checked-out, the visitor
disappears from the list.

.. important::

>    Always have an accurate list of who is on the premises at any given time. Since visitors do not
>    check themselves out, it is important for accurate record keeping to check-out visitors when they
>    leave. This is important both in the case of an emergency, and for security purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Always have an accurate list of who is on the premises at any given time. Since visitors do not
   check themselves out, it is important to check out visitors when they leave, for accurate record keeping. This is 
   important both in the case of an emergency, and for security purposes.
```

Reporting
=========

> The *Frontdesk* application has two reports available, :guilabel:`Visitors` and :guilabel:`Drinks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Frontdesk* application has two reports available: :guilabel:`Visitors` and :guilabel:`Drinks`.
```

------------

When a visitor arrives at a facility, they approach a frontdesk kiosk, and enter their information.
The information requested is what was configured for that specific frontdesk station. If any
information is required, the field displays a red asterisk (*). The visitor must enter information
in order to check in. Once all the information is entered, the visitor taps the :guilabel:`Check In`
button.

If drinks were configured for the station, after tapping :guilabel:`Check In`, a registration
confirmation screen loads, along with the question `Do you want something to drink?`. The visitor
can tap either :guilabel:`Yes, please`, or :guilabel:`No, thank you`. If they select :guilabel:`Yes,
please`, a drink selection screen appears, and the pre-configured options are listed. The visitor
then taps the desired selection, or if they do not want anything, they can tap the
:guilabel:`Nothing, thanks` button at the bottom of the screen. If a drink selection was made, a
`Thank you for registering! Your drink is on the way.` message appears.

At any point in the check-in process, if ten (10) seconds pass with no selection, the kiosk returns
to the main welcome screen.

> Once the visitor has checked in, both the person they are visiting, and any users who were
> configured to be notified when anyone checks-in at the kiosk are notified. The notification is
> either by email, SMS message, a *Discuss* chat, or any combination of those three options.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the visitor has checked-in, the person they are visiting, and any other users who were
configured to be notified when checks-in occur at the kiosk, are notified. The notification is
either by email, SMS message, a *Discuss* chat, or any combination of those three options.
```

> If the visitor requested a drink, the user or users who were configured as the :guilabel:`People to
> Notify` on the drink form, are notified via the *Discuss* application. The message that appears is:
> `(Visitor Name) just checked-in. They requested (drink).`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the visitor requested a drink, the user(s) configured as the :guilabel:`People to Notify` on the
drink form, are notified via the *Discuss* application. The message that appears is: `(Visitor Name)
just checked-in. They requested (Drink Name).`
```

for marking the drink as delivered. To do this, navigate to :menuselection:`Frontdesk application
--> Stations --> (X) Drinks to serve`. This opens a list of all the visitors who checked-in at that
station, and are waiting for a drink. Click the :guilabel:`Drink Served` button at the end of the
line for the visitor who was served. Once they are marked as having their drink served, the visitor
disappears from the list.

Visitors do **not** check themselves out when they leave. Once the visitor has completed their
business and has left the premises, it is important to check them out for accurate record keeping.
Navigate to :menuselection:`Frontdesk application --> Stations --> (X) On Site`. This opens a list
of all the visitors who are currently checked-in at that station. Click the :guilabel:`Check Out`
button near the end of the line for the visitor who left. Once they are marked as checked-out, the
visitor disappears from the list.

.. important::
   Always have an accurate list of who is on the premises at any given time. Since visitors do not
   check themselves out, it is important to check out visitors when they leave, for accurate record

>    keeping. This is important both in the case of an emergency, and for security purposes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   keeping.
   
   This is important for security purposes, and in the case of an emergency.
```

=========
Frontdesk
=========

The Odoo *Frontdesk* application provides a way for visitors to check-in to a building or location,
and alert the person they are meeting about their arrival. Additionally, they can request a
pre-configured beverage to be brought to them, while they wait.

> This application is ideal for businesses that do **not** have someone working at a reception
> desk, locations **without** a designated waiting area available to guests and visitors.

Reviewer 4: Early line break
```suggestion
This application is ideal for businesses that do **not** have someone working at a reception desk,
locations **without** a designated waiting area available to guests and visitors.
```

click :guilabel:`New`. When clicked, a blank frontdesk form appears.

Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Frontdesk Name`: enter a name for the specific frontdesk location. This should be
  short and easily identifiable, such as `Reception Desk` or `Main Lobby`. This field is required in
  order to create a station.
- :guilabel:`Responsibles`: select the person (or persons) who are alerted when a visitor checks-in
  using this specific frontdesk. Multiple selections can be entered. This field is required in order
  to create a station.
- :guilabel:`Kiosk URL`: this field auto-populates once the frontdesk form is saved, with at least
  the :guilabel:`Frontdesk Name` and :guilabel:`Responsibles` fields filled. To save manually, click
  the :guilabel:`(cloud with upward arrow)` icon, located at the top of the form.

  Once saved, a URL is generated in the :guilabel:`Kiosk URL` field. This URL is one way the
  frontdesk kiosk is accessed.

  To access the kiosk, click the :guilabel:`Copy` button at the end of the URL, and navigate to that
  URL in a web browser. This URL opens that specific station's frontdesk sign-in page.

>   .. tip::
>    To add an image/photo to a frontdesk form, hover over the :guilabel:`(camera with a '+' sign)`
>    icon in the top-right of the form to reveal a :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon.
> 
>    Click on the :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon to open a file explorer, navigate to the desired
>    image/photo file, then click :guilabel:`Open` to select it.
> 
>    The image selected for the station photo appears as the background image for the station kiosk.

Reviewer 4: Indent the text in this admonition please
```suggestion
  .. tip::
     To add an image/photo to a frontdesk form, hover over the :guilabel:`(camera with a '+' sign)`
     icon in the top-right of the form to reveal a :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon.

     Click on the :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon to open a file explorer, navigate to the desired
     image/photo file, then click :guilabel:`Open` to select it.

     The image selected for the station photo appears as the background image for the station kiosk.
```

  the default :guilabel:`Frontdesk Email Template` selected.

  To change the default email template, click the drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Email Template`
  field, and select another email template.

  To modify the currently selected template, click the :guilabel:`Internal link (arrow)` icon at the
  end of the line, and make any edits to the template.
- :guilabel:`Notify by SMS`: enable this option to have an SMS (text) message sent to the person the
  guest is visiting upon check-in. When enabled, an :guilabel:`SMS Template` field appears beneath,
  with the default :guilabel:`Frontdesk SMS Template` selected.

  To change the default SMS template, click the drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`SMS Template`
  field, and select another SMS template.

  To modify the currently selected template, click the :guilabel:`Internal link (arrow)` icon at the
  end of the line, and make any desired edits to the content of the template. The SMS message may
  have a maximum of 242 characters, which fits in 4 SMS (UNICODE) messages.
- :guilabel:`Notify by Discuss`: this option is enabled by default when the :guilabel:`Host

>   Selection` option is enabled. This option opens a *Discuss* application message window
>   with the person the guest is visiting upon check-in.

Reviewer 4: Early line break
```suggestion
  Selection` option is enabled. This option opens a *Discuss* application message window with the
  person the guest is visiting upon check-in.
```
